Create Configure Knative Networking page (#6518)
knative/docs: docs/snippets/dns.md

> You can configure DNS to avoid running curl commands with a host header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure DNS to avoid specifying the host header in curl commands, or to access the content with a web browser.
```
